Hahaha, I'll just say it.
This kid is the richest heir
That's great luck.
How could he still be the owner of the temple?
Well since you don't believe it
After that three days
I will show you what despair means
Let's go
Ye Shao, we seem to have completely offended him to death
If he is really the master of the temple
What do we do?
The Dragon Turtle Banquet will invite the top class from all walks of life in the building to participate
Even I want to be the leader of the Building Chamber of Commerce
Only eligible to join
Ye Shao, please take me there
Let me see this night
Can he be the owner or not?
Otherwise, I won't dare to believe it. Okay?
Are you two sure you want to participate?
OK.
Then I will give you both of your assets
This will also help me successfully climb the building
President of the Chamber of Commerce
All our assets
Why can't you two believe that I eat like a dragon at night?
I can't bear the child, I can't catch the wolf
Then I met the temple owner
Have your benefits
I am the tone of Father Yue
Our Chu Family Hospital doctor
I don't believe that Ye Tianci can be the owner of the temple
Ok I would too
I would too